The scattered ban family members, your ancestors,
Dang Cai Feng Da, I heard it right,
The evil intention is this joke, it has been exposed to one level,
Do you think I will come with you to have sex?
No, do you know what you are talking about?
As the head of your family,
I can't even understand what I'm saying. I'm asking you to ban the family.
Become your broken nose, one step at a time,
Then I won’t hold you accountable,
And really, then, here you are,
Evil Lord, evil people, you need cash,
As long as you eat well, we can satisfy you.
Don’t even think about banning family discipline.
Although you can not recite Yi San Jin Family Cai, you can not recite Yi San Jin Jia Cao, you can not recite Yi San Jin Jia Cao,
Looking for a face at home
Then just take the money
I want to hang up forever
Because the heart is selfish and sick
I'm right
Pay the subsidy and pay the fee.
I admit that you talked to some people
in just three roads
It’s the one who calls and breaks the fight
It is necessary for him to submit to me
Go to the street and play together
The condition is so scary that we are afraid of it
If you want to actually place it
You want me to give you an older child
Thinking about people
you broke me
There's nothing good about you